hey there people john here from fast
films and today we're covering the 2021
korean mystery thriller movie called the
eighth night the film flips off with the
legend of a monster who hosted evil red
and black eyes
the buddha fought the monster and
separated the eyes from each other he
hid the black one in a sarera casket but
the red one escaped and jumped from body
to body for seven days but upon the
eighth day it got caught by buddha and
was sealed afterwards buddha told his
disciples to never let them meet again
or else it will be hell on earth the
scene then shifts to a desert at the
india-pakistan border in october 2005
where an anthropologist discovers the
sarira casket and triumphs in victory
unfortunately all the news and reports
go against him due to the controversies
and the public refuses to accept his
discovery as the real one
fifteen years later on the night of the
red moon the guy walks into his house
and in order to justify his discovery he
decides to fulfill the prophecy of
destruction that will be unleashed on
the red moon night therefore he opens
the sarira casket to fill it with
various blood samples along with his own
blood
he waits for the doors of hell to be
opened as his attempt was to raise the
red one but his attempt fails and he
proceeds to commit suicide but just as
he's about to thrust the knife up his
throat the red eye drops from the casket
and rolls towards him the man crawls
towards it in astonishment and the red
eye begins to converge
with a flash we see a monk in his temple
who suddenly gets a revelation and is
immediately alerted he stares at the red
moon in the sky and proceeds to move a
statue of buddha beneath it we witness
the second sarira casket hidden away
it's the first day the camera shows a
man working at a construction site while
his fellows discuss him and state that
he was among before this
back at the temple a young monk with a
vow of silence meets his master named
hajong
the master takes his disciple to the
temple and explains the story of the
monster whose eyes got separated one in
the far east and one in the far west
but one prophecy reveals that red eye
will meet a helper and it will jump on
seven stepping stones for seven nights
until it unites with the black one after
which the monster will be unstoppable
in order to stop it they have to remove
one stepping stone which might be the
virgin shaman after explaining it ha
jung leaves the kid named changsok with
a task to clean the irna later we see a
hunter in the forest being ravaged and
killed by an unknown demonic entity it's
the second day a couple sits in a motel
room and the girl discusses that she met
the researcher in a meditation group as
they talk about the perks of it we
witness the hunter limping threateningly
into the motel where he can be seen
completely disoriented and possessed by
another entity in the interim chongshok
wakes up suddenly from the nightmare in
hajjung states that he has to find sonwa
and tell him that the monster is here
the following morning of the third day
chongshok wakes up to find out that his
master is dead on the other hand a
detective named hato arrives at the
crime scene and analyzes the whole
situation
his associate tells him that after the
invasion the woman left the scene while
the suspect can be seen dead
hatto is puzzled at this baffling
situation where the suspect is dead
after the attack
meanwhile at the temple the monks cover
up ha jung's body while chongsok walks
over to another monk and inquires him
about bonte sonwa's location
as he gets it changsok packs up some
money along with the casket and departs
on his journey in the night on the other
hand we witness somwa sitting behind a
candle he gets overwhelmed by echoing
voices and clamor while in his shadow a
hand creeps up on his shoulder and the
scene blacks out it's the fourth day now
chongsok walks in a subway station and
tries to inquire people about the
location but nobody helps him
he leaves his bundle on the bench but it
vanishes a second later
chongshok stares around and bewilderment
when he suddenly catches a glimpse of a
beautiful girl amidst the crowd but she
disappears as well
the scene then flips to another murder
scene where hatto inspects the crippled
decomposed body of the lady from the
motel
following the inspection he analyzes the
whole situation and demands reasoning
from his associates but nobody can
formulate a justification
instead the associate name dongjin tells
him about a shaman who's really good
just then hato receives a call from his
chief who demands dong jin to be
relieved due to his unprofessional
behavior
in the meantime chongshok wanders
through the streets searching for
sonwa's address after a time he finally
reaches the address and waits outside
till the night falls and sonwa returns
home
upon entering changsok states that the
monster is here and sonwa gets alerted
at once on the other hand we see a
delivery guy meeting a hooker in the
tunnel the girl is battered and as the
guy identifies her from the meditation
group the girl's neck cracks abnormally
and she threateningly advances towards
him
with that the scene fades out with his
screams the next scenario plays at the
virgin shaman's house where we see the
pretty girl once again
she walks to the door with a pot of
blood and puts it at the dorsal while
the delivery guy waits outside
just as she opens the lid we see an evil
eye appear in the keyhole but one sniff
at the blood and he goes away
back at sonwa's place he talks to the
spirit of hajung who explains that the
monster is here and he needs to be
defeated by killing the virgin shaman
therefore on the fifth day he wakes up
and prepares prayer beads which ha jung
presents him with
furthermore he takes out the virgin
shaman's picture and reads the address
afterwards he wakes changsok and they
both leave for their next journey to
find the shaman passing through the
bazaar sonwa buys an axe and they both
proceed to have lunch
sonwa even buys changsok new shoes as
the kid walks happily sonwa demands him
to leave so he can continue his journey
but he insists to be with him
therefore they walk through the streets
throughout the day trying to find the
virgin shaman's address
at last they reach a house where
chongsok sits outside and merrily eats
the food
in the meantime a man comes out of the
house and somwa forces him to speak
about the virgin's address
after much intimidation the man speaks
up but warns them that they'll die there
on the other hand hatto reaches the next
crime scene where he locates the crumple
wreaking dead body of the hooker and
finds a deep gash in her head
the scene then flips to the bus where
changso keeps annoying songwa
after a while the elder sleeps away and
the bus drives through the night in the
meantime we witness a girl coming
outside the virgin shaman's house where
the pretty girl notices all the negative
energies as well as the sarira casket
placed beside her
suddenly the camera flips to daegu bus
terminal where songwa gets a flashback
of his dead wife and kid he holds a
letter from changsuk's mother
apologizing to him and asking sonwa to
take care of her son
sonwa gets a hypnosis of him turning
into a demon as he strangles the younger
self of changsok but he jerks out of it
instantly
it's the sixth day now changsok wakes up
and finds sonwa in an angry mood
nevertheless they go to a restaurant
where they enjoy a lavish meal somwa
marks two spots on the map and states
that they need to search for every
shaman in the area to accomplish that
they set out and search across the whole
neighborhood
after much pondering changso comes
across the virgin's house and it
suddenly starts raining the house door
opens for changsok and he catches the
glimpse of the girl on the other side
songwa walks to the crime scene at the
tunnel where hato notices him analyzing
the site as he walks away hatto stops
him and asks to check the bag but sonwa
immediately makes a run for it
the detective catches up to him and they
both indulge in a fight and they drop
down the side of the road
sonwa drops his map and runs for his
safety back at the shaman's house
chongsok talks with the girl named aron
and then leaves
on his way he comes across a girl in the
side street who stares at him in an
unnatural way gradually her cheek slits
open and underneath chongsok witnesses a
demonic red eye the wound closes
immediately and the girl smiles
menacingly before turning away upon that
site chongsok runs away the scene then
shifts to the police station where hatto
discusses all the possibilities with
dong-jin
suddenly his eyes catch the view of the
map and he remembers the paper that
sonwa left
immediately they planned to acquire that
map and on their way dongjin offers
hatto a talisman he acquired from the
virgin shaman in the interim chongshok
explains the whole scenario to sonwa who
immediately decides to leave him
changso complains but songwa reveals
that he's going to kill the virgin
shaming
wrapping that up he leaves in anguish
and chongsok runs after him
during all this hatto asks dongjin to
leave so that he can walk to the address
marked on the map
therefore he strolls through the streets
while sonwa also runs to find the shaman
amidst all the tension changsok arrives
at the house first and urges a run to
escape the place
in the meantime hato receives a call
from dongjin who explains that the
virgin shaman is actually part of the
meditation group
hatto asks for the address to the
shaman's place and the camera pans to
sonwa who invades the shaman's house and
finds a woman tied up
just as he's about to kill her hatto
jumps on him and they both start the
fight once again
unfortunately the demon girl arrives
there and states that the shaman who's
the last stepping stone has escaped
the next scenario pops up where we
witness chongsok running away with a-run
while songwa gets prepared with his axe
and the prayer beads and follows the
demonic girl
suddenly he gets surrounded by voices
who are demeaning him nevertheless he
continues ahead during this dongjin
drives to the neighborhood where he
comes face to face with the girl and
somwa
the girl hides behind dong-jin and
mimics the fear but eventually takes
over his body
as the corpse of the girl decomposes
sonwa charges towards the demon but it
overcomes him and tries to strangle him
for his safety sonwa uses the beads to
burn the demon's hand and therefore gets
free
but just then the cops arrive at the
scene and sonwa flees from the place on
the seventh day chongshok and a run walk
to the station and take two tickets for
the bus to guangzhou
behind them sonwa also runs to the
terminal via taxi but the conductor
tells him that the last bus just left
and he has to wait for three hours
during his stay at the station he opens
the scroll which states that he must go
to buk sand
furthermore ha jung appears beside him
and states that he has passed his title
next to him and he has to be the guard
of the sarira casket now
sonwa is bewildered at this revelation
but becomes determined to protect the
black eye and goes ahead to take the bus
to buk san at once
meanwhile hatto gets cctv footage of
dongjin's car and they begin to search
for him
on the other hand the demonic dongjin
also arrives at the buksan temple and
proceeds to ha jung's room
the monk tries to stop him but the demon
shoots him and threatens the dead body
of hajong while stating that the black
eye is on its way
in the meantime changsok and aerun also
walk to buk san and proceed towards a
shed
meanwhile back in the city hato
investigates the crime scene from last
night and walks in the virgin shaman's
house
amidst all this sonewa reaches the
mountain and enters the shed to find
chongsok sitting alone who instantly
stares around in disbelief just then we
witness that hato has come across the
real virgin shaman who unveils the
reality that aeron is a ghost who was
abused throughout her life as a child
but the anthropologist became her savior
and when his research was rejected he
became furious and to put an end to it
a-run offered herself as the sacrifice
with that being revealed it's also
realized that changsok came all the way
alone
he completed his journey solely and
a-run wasn't with him at all
furthermore the shaman reveals that all
the members of the meditation group are
the stepping stones for the devil and he
has killed them all
now to bring a stop to it she tries to
strangle herself but ha-toe stops her
upon which she states that it was him
who stopped the demon and he must go to
buxan now
meanwhile the scene shifts to buksan
where sonwa and changsok get prepared to
face the demon sonwa inscribes the
enchantments on papers and as he wraps
the strings around a group of trees he
ties the papers on them as well
afterwards he lights up a massive fire
in the center and explains the
devastating aftermath if the evil forces
join
during this hato also arrives there and
the situation becomes grave as somwa
ties himself up and the demon approaches
the center of the fire
changsok hides behind a tree and it's
revealed that sonwa has planned to use
himself as bait so that chongsok can
steal the sarira casket and stop the
devil but as the monster approaches
somwa he reveals that he's not the
actual guard but it's actually chongsok
who's the successor of hajong
therefore the devil offers him the gun
to shoot himself because he's useless
in the interim chongshok locates the
casket and is about to turn away when
the demon orders a run to find him
thus she emerges from thin air with a
chain around her ankle and proceeds to
hypnotize changsok
sonwa watches from a distance and that
makes him shoot the demon instead the
devil gets infuriated at once and
screams to reveal several eyes pop out
from his face suddenly dark forces also
start to attack and surround the area
that causes everyone to scamper away and
dongjin also strolls out towards the
temple on his way he comes across hatto
but gets thrown away as well
afterwards he crawls to attack changsok
and songwa runs towards them to save the
kid but hato shoots him in the way
luckily he has managed to stab the devil
with the axe and dongjin expires but
it's revealed that changsok is now the
demon and he impales hatto in the tree
in a single swoosh as the detective dies
away chongsok walks to the bleeding
sonwa and states how foolish he is
during his last moments sonwa cups
chongsuk's face and in front of him
appears the youngest version of zheng
han
but anguish overcomes him and he tries
to strangle the kid but stops himself
eventually
the demon becomes triumphant but it
turns out that the om sign has been
imprinted on his face which liberates
changsok from the devilish powers
unfortunately amidst the tears the red
eye becomes a part of songwa and
changsok puts an end to him by plunging
the axe in his forehead after the
blackout we witness that the evil force
has been defeated and songwa has
resurrected
moreover chongsok walks to the vast
stretches of the western desert and
buries the sarira casket once again
but this time he comes face to face with
aeron he offers her a hand towards
freedom and they meet each other a-run
shackles break away and the film
concludes
thanks for watching guys